Olivia so I woke up like 20 minutes ago
um I'm not getting ready because i'm
just going to my sister's house to paint
and so I mean not really need to get
ready and then I'm going over to my
friend Jenna's houseman we're going to
swim so I mean I'm not gonna put makeup
on or anything either because again
we're just swimming there's no need SI
is my brother in law's birthday so i'm
going to go to dunkin donuts before i go
to their house and just pick them up
some donuts or something um so yeah hey
guys i just got to jenna's house i
didn't really blog at my sister's house
because i don't really like like you
know shoving the camera in her face all
day but yeah and most the time we were
painting but then we just had lunch and
now i'm at Jenna's so i will talk to you
guys later so just got back from the
pool and now we're going to go
via so I've ever walked in a while I'm
really sorry I literally have had just
like the most tiring day because last
night I stay up till three in the
morning editing the vlog and then I was
trying to edit my morning routine and I
gave up by three in the morning because
literally picking out music for a
YouTube video takes me like an hour
probably because I don't want to just
pick any random song I want to pick a
song that i really like I'm like one
that goes with the video and stuff so
yeah and without a song I can't start
editing because I edit to the song
anyways I'm literally exhausted like it
is unreal I've not been this tired since
like school and so um I guess I'll tell
you guys what I've done since I got back
from Jenna's so I left Jenna's um
whenever I was over there we went to the
pool we went tanning and since I was so
tired I literally fell asleep tanning I
was tainted my back because um the other
day whenever I want tinia weed hand on
the front side and others I go line it's
weird but yeah so I we went tanning we
watched twilight and cuz i just without
netflix and we made cookies and then i
went i ran by walgreens picked up my
moms and stuff that she wanted me to
pick up for her because the floors are
being redone and she needs to stay home
to get this
like like I don't know what she was
doing basically she had to be home for
the people that are working at her house
and um then I got home literally all of
our furniture is moved out and so I had
nowhere to sit so now I went upstairs
and I grabbed my dad's laptop because I
borrowed it this weekend then I went to
his house I'm leaving his house right
now because I brought him his laptop and
I tried to help him set up like when
it's on a Fitbit but it's something like
a Fitbit but it didn't really work so
he's going to return it and what else
did we do that's pretty much it um so
yeah now I'm headed back to my mom's
house again I'm sorry didn't vlog all
that I've just been so tired like
literally so exhausted I'm probably just
going to take a nap and then edit
tonight or something so yeah I decided
to go see the sunset at my favorite
place to watch it which is like kind of
like a parking garage type place it's
like up high so I can see you better and
so I'm here so i'll show you guys what
it looks like
so I just stopped at smoothie king I
literally got there four minutes before
it closed like seriously but yeah I
wanted to get the kid sized banana boat
but they only had it in like the I guess
this is the small so I'm just gonna save
have a half of it for tomorrow I think
because I'm not super hungry but i might
just during it tonight it just depends
on how late i say up so yeah i'm going
to go back to my mom's house now so i'll
talk to you guys later hey guys i'm back
home i'm in my mom's room right now
because i'm looking at the new hardwood
floors so yeah we got new flooring they
used to be carpeted but we just got on
the main floor so I wanted to keep my
carpets um so yeah so my mom's rooms on
the main floor so that's why I'm in here
and yeah I really like it I'll show you
guys like the difference between the two
woods that we like used to have and have
now because we are only halfway through
redoing them but they're gonna have to
do the other half later which is like
the kitchen and stuff so yeah so here is
the difference of the color hey guys so
I've been watching gypsy sisters pretty
much all night because that's a good
show my package came from Nike so I'll
do a little unboxing of it upstairs
because if you guys didn't see like one
of my first vlog i got some nike shorts
from there some super excited to see
them so i'll talk to you guys upstairs
oh yeah here's the package i'm just
going to open it up and show you guys
what came and it so here's just the
inside of the bag you guys can see some
little shorts but i'm just going to like
pick them out random or there's a ton of
shipping information which I don't know
why but there's like five pages it looks
like something like that there's fresh
words I got there just all black these
look kind of big and kind of long so I
really know cuz I never tried them on
but yeah they're just the plain nike
shorts hopefully these fit me because
I'm kind of stuck fit in but I they just
have like the things on the sides but
they're all on black but I have this
pair and they're just like purple these
looked kind of different online like a
periwinkle color online but they're
really just like purple in person and
then on the sides they just have mint
green and then black so yeah and I got
this pair which I love they're just gray
white and a really pretty like blue
color I'm in love with these ones but
the normal black ones and these ones
which are kinda similar but they are
just plain grey and
this maroon pair that is black and white
on the sides and it just says oh you
right there for Oklahoma I do not live
in Oklahoma I just wanted this color of
shorts
I love you guys and I'll talk to you
tomorrow tomorrow I am going to my
friend Riggins house we're gonna watch
orphan black because i'm so behind
because the newest season was during
finals week so i didn't really watch any
of it so now i have the whole season to
catch up so yeah and then i'm going to
ikea with my sister and my mom so I'm
super excited so I'll talk to you guys
tomorrow and Jeff I guys